before we start this video this is just
a quick note to say the newly designed
master to-do list and also the original
study planner are back in stock in my
stationery shop pumpkin productivity
[Music]
i'm so tired it's 7 30 and i meant to
wake up at 6.
i wake up so so exclusive i feel like i
might be coming down with something
which is a shame
i've got lots of work to do today so i
thought i would vlog and bring you along
anyway i'm gonna do some morning yoga
just to wake my body up because i'm
feeling very stiff
so i got ready first of all put my hair
in a bun as always just to keep it off
my face and as you can see i was very
tired the yawn says it all
okay so the first thing i'm going to do
is just make a timetable
i don't know how i'm going to manage to
get it done if i don't timetable that
especially because i wake up late and
it's already 8 o'clock i'm gonna make my
timetable and then i'll go downstairs
and get something to eat
so as i said i started off by planning
my day so i went through all of my to-do
lists and also our university
module pages and made note of everything
i needed to do
then i went downstairs to get some
breakfast and
of course i got myself some matcha and
then i brought that up to my room
and i wanted to take my case off my
kindle because
it was kind of breaking and i very much
struggled to do this as you can see
i was just reading king solomon's minds
whilst i was eating my breakfast and for
breakfast this day i had
cereal so i had a collection of
different cereals with
some yogurt and some fruit
it's just gone nine and i've just got to
of my book for the victorian module we
are reading king solomon's minds this
week
and i just started on kindle yeah so
i've just read the first 25
and now i'm going to move on to doing
some work for my internship i've started
working
um as a research intern uh in the
archives exeter
it's all online of course and i'm
transcribing the letters of john germain
a world war twoper
whose um poems were wonderful i i'd
never
read him before this internship but i've
fallen in love with his writing so
i'm just gonna do maybe like an hour and
a half of transcription now i'm actually
i'm gonna
get some water first because i know that
i'm gonna use that like drink that very
[Music]
quickly
i have an internship page on that notion
and then i have links to everything that
i'm working on
so i can easily get to it and i also
keep my
timestamp first so this here is the
transcript
like it's all been scanned in and this
is what i'll be transcribing
and i will just put the document
up side by side with a word document
so that it's really easy to type it up
and then this all goes in a shared
drive so there are two interns working
on this project
and all of our transcripts just go in
this shared
folder and then the woman overlooking
our internship um
can like see all of the work we're doing
and check on things
so i'm gonna get started on transcribing
this aerogram hey google
can you please set a timer for an hour
so you can see in my transcript there
are some words which have
um question mark with all the question
marks i go through those at the end i
will go back over those words that i
couldn't decipher first time round and
see if i can decipher them upon further
reflection and usually i can so
this morning i managed to transcribe a
nine page letter and two aerograms
[Music]
so then here i was doing some writing
working on my book
so then at 11 i went out for a walk
and it was such a beautiful day
okay i just got back for my walk and
it's quarter to one
um so we're out for quite a while bring
myself from breakfast downstairs
and get myself some lunch i'm gonna read
more of king solomon's minds whilst i'm
eating
[Music]
i'm just gonna freeze some more bananas
now because we're kind of running a bit
short and we've got loads of bananas
here
it's now three o'clock and i have just
done some more writing
next i am going to quickly add a video
because i want to put
a video up in two hours time and maybe
that's me cutting it
too fine because it usually takes me
longer than two hours to edit
but this is quite a simple video like
i think all of it's on one sd card and
i just have a feeling i'm going to be
able to edit it really quickly so
fingers crossed that i'm able to so
here i'm editing as you can see this is
the reset day that i
uploaded a couple days back
[Music]
it's ten to five and i just finished
editing that so i
managed to get it done in time even
though it's not gonna be up by five it's
gonna be up i think for 5 30.
i need to edit a thumbnail and then i'm
going to go outside because it's
such a beautiful day and i really wanted
to go outside on the trampoline and do
some gymnastics and things
that i wanted to get this video edited
first
[Music]
literally exactly on time it's one
minute to five
and i've just uploaded it with the
thumbnail and so i'm going to get
changed into some workout things and go
outside
look the sun is just about to go behind
that tree so i need to go outside
quickly if i'm going to catch the warmth
so then i went outside as you can see
i said hello to the dogs i hadn't really
seen them today
and i got out my gymnastic stuff so i
could practice outside so i just took
out my panel mat which is from tumble
track
and also my air block which is from
cannons uk
[Music]
it's so much colder here than i thought
it would be so of course
i warmed up first so in particular i was
focusing on my ankles because i did have
an ankle injury
um last year and i really don't want
that to happen again and
also rests very important so i
was practicing some jumps and then also
my front walkovers the first one really
badly as you can see
[Music]
it's just so nice to be able to do
gymnastics outside again because it's
not the same doing it inside
and i was also practicing my elbow
[Music]
stands
i also went out on the trampoline which
was really fun and
it was such a beautiful evening i
haven't been out
for very long at all but i'm so cold
so i'm gonna go inside i've just replied
to some youtube comments because
um as you know i had a video go up today
and
now i'm going to do some more work on
the book i'm working on
just to give you a quick update i'm
probably gonna end the vlog
here or a little bit um in a little bit
because i don't
like filming in the dark as much just
because the lighting in my room isn't
very good
i at the moment i'm reading an essay on
king solomon's minds reading an essay on
cartography
and the role of the map in this book and
treasure island so it's comparing the
two books
it's really interesting i'm really
enjoying it so far i'm really not in a
great state of mind for studying though
i'm just not
concentrating as well as i'd like to be
so i was going to read two essays
tonight like two critical essays but
i'll probably just read this one and
then
hopefully read another one before
michael would bake me tomorrow yeah so i
just finished up with that
critical reading and write up my notes
on that and just any thoughts
using it to kind of further my own
opinions and ideas about the book
but that's everything i did today thank
you so much for watching this video and
i hope that you have a productive week
[Music]